Keynsian Economics

The Great depression,which was caused by the fed had caused great troubles.
People started blaming the gold/silver standard for this.  The real reason for this was the federal reserve.

What happened was that the fed raised rates rapidly, those banks who had lent their money believed that they would
borrow the money back from the fed at a lower rate, to their surpise, the rates were very high. 

The thing that caused higher rates was something that was know as the deflation commission.
They thought that raising rates would deflate the money supply without causing any problems.

After the banks collapsing,the Fed started to think about creating a “boom” which resulted in lower rates,
which resulted in a boom and bust (a bigger bust) of the economy.

If the free market had controlled the rates,the rates would balanced out as noone will borrow if the rate is more 
and no one will deposit (atleast the big ones) if rates are low.

The government was to provide specific amounts of precious metals to trade, instead ,
they are cheating us and not providing precious metals.

The US, even has the same design on the coins as the silver ones, while having a fraction of the price if 
you melt those coins.

The big banks even control the price of silver, by creating ETFs, which stands for Exchange Traded Fund,
but is a total scam as they print hundreds of times more silver or gold certificates
than they have silver in their vaults.

This creates a lot more supply than there actually is.

Adam Smith, who is the founder of capitalism , said that cost of anything , is the labour required to produce it. 
(finding,mining,etc for metals).

The labour required to print pieces of paper, or type on a computer is negligible, so the price of ETF+real supply is low.
Fiat money is basically any money that can be created out of thin air and doesn’t have intrinsic value.
This may change in the near future if people come to a realisation that ETF is not a real silver, but is just
a non-redeemable promissory note.

