The move from US to China, and China without global demand is impossible.

The Chinese economy is built around export, as all the technology, all the standards, all the Intellectual propterty
belongs to US,etc owners, the Chinese don’t have any right to produce the chips, the mobiles, the equipment, etc, etc 
if the Intellectual property owners (eg. Intel:USA,ARM:England,etc) block them from making theese.

The cheap plastic products that they make, also can be made  elsewhere, for example India, US, Europe, UK, etc, etc.

When people buy stuff, if they import it, they then send the gold or silver abroad , which decreases the money supply, 
causing deflation, so their stuff becomes more competitive than the imported stuff, beacause their is a cost to ship 
these products.

If the nations are industrialised, and they have the knowledge and skills necessary to make stuff 
(all of them have including India-recently), they can, or have to, make the stuff in their own country.

In the current system, the US prints the money, then it sends it to China, which invests them in US 
treasuries (promissory notes to fiat dollars) 

or

sends the money for the belt and road initiative, as converting the dollar to ¥ Chinese Yen would cause the 
yuan’s value to rise and make China uncompetitive.

The reason of this is the floating exchange system and competitiveness.

The floating exchange system is a system that measures the value of the currency on deman and supply. 

If a car manufacturer  in the USA wants to buy $100,000 worth of cars from India. 

If the exchange rate is 70 to 1, they will get Rs. 7 Crore, if rate is 50 they will get Rs. 5 crore, whereas, 
to produce the car, it requires the same amount of money (mostly).

The wealth of a society is not the amount of currency units in circulation, but the things that you can buy.

Because if you have a lot of silver and no goods, what can you buy? Nothing.

USA has a lot of wealth.

China has a lot of influence over the world.

But this is unfair because China gives stuff to USA, but USA just gives them digital pieces of paper.

China is creating a huge set of problems in the South China Sea,using it’s newfound influence over the world and in the 
Kashmir region that belongs to india, also in Tibet, which shouldn’t belong to China, but should be independant,
and in Xingjang province in China where the Uyghurs live.

The new novel – corona virus also comes from China.
We don’t know that they have made the virus in a lab or not, but they stopped the virus from being reported
in the international media.

If they had reported a new virus has been found and the world (atleast India and the US) would be immediately in
lockdown mode, stopping the virus from spreading.

